I have a diff listing with the following changes to Goslings emacs.  If you
would like a copy of this, send me a note.  Those of you who have already
requested them don't need to send another.

1. "Preloading" of macro packages.  This is accomplished by running the
   newly compiled bare emacs, loading any macros you desire, and then
   executing the (new) function dump-emacs which creates an a.out file
   with the macros already loaded.  If you have a large .emacs_pro this
   is a major win.  Works on 4.1 and 4.1a systems (for sure, untested on
   others).

2. Pty support for 4.1a systems (which don't have MPX files).  I originally
   got this from someone at Berkeley, but I have fixed a multitude of bugs.

3. A fix for the truncation of strings with null bytes in them.

4. For those of you still using MPX files, a way to keep your terminal from
   appearing to be idle for hours.  Also a fix which allows you to run
   the csh (but no job control) in your window.  This has appeared before.

5. A pair of functions which allow you to "pretype" some input for the user,
   then prompt for more.  We use it for file-name recognition and expansion.
   One allows blanks, the other doesn't.

6. "on-exit" procedure for subprocesses.  Called whenever the subprocess
   state changes.

7. await-process-input lets you wait for input from subprocesses without
   waiting for input from the terminal.

8. A fix so the minibuffer stays visible until you type input from the
   keyboard.  This was a real loss when you had an active process.

9. Fixes to TrmTERM to do better cost evaluation.

10. A few other cute functions:
	a. (procedure-type "procedure-name") gives you type of the
	   procedure as a string, e.g. "wired", "mlisp", etc.
	b. variable-apropos.  Sort of a kludge, but it works.
	c. set-auto-fill-hook returns the name of its previous binding
	   so you can restore it.
	d. Half Baked mode restored.  Gosling removed it in his latest
	   release, for reasons unknown to me.  Lets you interrupt
	   those infinitely looping mlisp functions and kill them dead.
	   Also has interruptable searches.

Those of you who want the PTY stuff should indicate so in your letter, since
that code is BIG.  Essentially, I need to send out all of mchan.c for that
one.

=Spencer
